DRUGS AND ALCOHOL POLICY   BACKGROUND The company is committed to providing a safe, healthy and productive working environment and to safeguarding the health, safety and welfare of all those affected by its operations. This includes ensuring that everyone working on our projects or in our offices is fit to carry out their jobs safely and effectively in a working environment which is free from alcohol and drug misuse. WHO DOES THIS POLICY APPLY TO? This policy applies to all employees, contractors and clients. This includes (but is not limited to) all staff and operatives directly employed by INFRATEC-UK Limited and all other individuals carrying out work on behalf of, or providing a service to, the company such as consultants, contractors (including subcontractors, trade contractors and other specialists), apprentices and agency workers at company sites, offices and in company vehicles. PURPOSE The purpose of this policy is to support that aim and to promote an exceptional safety culture and support our commitment to get everyone home safe every day. Alcohol or drug misuse can increase health and safety risks, not only for the individual concerned but also for others, such as colleagues, contractors, visitors and members of the public. It can lead to impaired judgment and decision-making ability, and the effects of alcohol or drug misuse are likely to be detrimental to the company’s reputation and its ability to deliver high quality services. Under this policy: • The company will comply with current legislation such as The Health and Safety at Work Act 1974, the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971, the Transport and Works Act 1992. • All our employees, contractors and clients are expected to arrive at our workplaces fit to carry out their roles and to be able to perform their duties safely without any limitations due to the use or effects of alcohol or drugs. • Measures to prevent our employees, contractors and clients from attending workplaces under the influence of alcohol or illegal drugs will include random, for cause and post incident testing. • This policy will not apply in relation to alcohol in the event that authorisation has been granted in advance of a work-related function or social event. However, attendees are expected to drink responsibly and to behave appropriately so as not to contravene the disciplinary procedure, including by engaging in conduct likely to bring the company into disrepute. This policy will reapply once the individual returns to work (i.e., the day after a work-related event). DEFINITIONS Alcohol: alcohol in any form, including (but not limited to) a beverage, condiment or food additive which contains alcohol. Alcohol Misuse: any consumption of alcohol, either intermittent or continuous, which interferes with an individual’s health, work capabilities or conduct, or which affects the work performance and/or safety of themselves or others. Drugs: any drugs or substances (for example, solvents) that affect mood, thought processes and/or perception, available both legally and illegally, including (but not limited to) all those covered by the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 and the Medicines Act 1968. Negative (for drugs): the drugs being tested for were not found in the individual’s sample. Non-negative (for drugs): a preliminary result that indicates one of the drugs tested for may be present in the individual’s sample. The sample will be sent to the laboratory for further analysis, following which the company will receive confirmation of either a negative or positive result. 

Contractors: all individuals other than employees carrying out work on behalf of, or providing a service to, the company at all levels, including (but not limited to), consultants, contractors (including subcontractors, trade contractors and other specialists), apprentices and agency workers at company sites, offices and in company vehicles. Drug and substance misuse: • The use of any controlled drug as defined by the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971 or any statutory re- enactment. • The accidental or intentional misuse of prescribed or ‘over the counter’ medication; or • The misuse of substances, e.g., solvents, which can impair behaviour, judgement or job performance of the individual. Employees: all those directly employed by INFRATEC-UK Limited. Test: a test carried out by an external provider on the company’s behalf using analysis of breath samples for evidence of alcohol consumption and urine samples for evidence of recent drugs use. Positive result to a drugs or alcohol test is deemed to be: • Drugs: a laboratory confirmed positive drug test result will be recorded if a drug is detected in the donor’s sample for which no legitimate explanation, medical or otherwise, can be found. • Alcohol: two consecutive breath tests both giving a reading above the legal drink drive limit. The following limits are correct at the time of this policy being published. Should these change, the latest information on the government website – www.gov.uk - will be used, subject to other site specific or client requirements. LEVEL OF ALCOHOL ENGLAND, WALES & NORTHERN IRELAND SCOTLAND Micrograms per 100 millilitres of breath 35 22  Normal working day: the period between the time on any particular day or start of any shift when an individual commences their duties and a time on that day or at the end of any shift when they cease their duties. For the purposes of this policy, normal working day includes (but is not limited to) breaks, overtime, job related travel and time spent on call. Impaired: a person will be considered impaired if they have consumed drugs or alcohol in a quantity and at a time that would cause them to test positive in a drugs or alcohol test in accordance with this policy. DRUGS AND ALCOHOL AT WORK A) Employees only Any employee suffering from drug or alcohol dependency should declare such dependency. Such declaration should not be as a consequence of either impending drugs and/or alcohol testing or failing a drugs or alcohol test. The company may subsequently provide reasonable assistance, treating absences for treatment and/or rehabilitation as any other sickness. Where an employee discloses that they are undergoing treatment for a drugs or alcohol related problem, a sympathetic approach will be adopted in managing such issues where appropriate. However, in either case the company reserves the right to apply the normal disciplinary procedure at any time. If an employee refuses to undergo, or does not complete, a course of drug or alcohol related treatment suggested or organised by the company, any subsequent unacceptable behaviour, unsatisfactory performance, irregular attendance or other adverse consequence may be dealt with in line with the company’s disciplinary procedure. B) Employees, contractors and clients If an employee, contractor or client is taking prescribed or over the counter medication, they must seek advice from their GP or pharmacist about the possible effect on their ability to carry out their job and whether their duties should be modified. If so, employees must tell their line manager or the Human Resources Department as soon as possible and contractors and clients must ensure that the company is made aware. Employees, contractors and clients are prohibited from taking drugs (other than prescription or over the counter medicine, as directed) during the normal working day. Employees who are identified as taking drugs at work or who are found to be working with traces of drugs in their bodies will initially be suspended. Contractors and clients will be removed from the workplace. 
Anyone who takes prescription or over the counter medicines which could adversely affect their ability to carry out their job and who has failed to disclose this to their line manager, the Human Resources Department or the company may be treated in the same way. Employees, contractors and clients must not drink alcohol at any location under the control of the company during the normal working day. Employees who consume alcohol while at work or who work under the influence of alcohol will initially be suspended and contractors and clients who do so will be removed from the company’s workplace. TYPES OF TEST Testing applies to all employees, contractors and clients and will be carried out by an independent UKAS accredited external provider. • For cause testing and post-accident/incident testing When there is cause to believe that an individual’s behaviour and/or performance at work is impaired by drugs and/or alcohol or they have been involved in an incident or accident, they may be required to undertake a drugs and/or alcohol test. Some examples of circumstances where this may be appropriate are: • Obvious signs of mental and/or physical impairment. • Recognition by managers, supervisors or colleagues of symptoms affecting work performance. • Complaints from the public indicating that alcohol/drugs may be a factor. • The discovery of items in possession of an individual that could indicate involvement with alcohol/drugs; and/or after an accident or incident. A request for an individual to undergo a For-Cause or Post Accident/Incident Test must be authorised by one of: Managing Director, Operations Director or Commercial Manager. • Random testing The company reserves the right under this policy to exercise random alcohol and drug testing of its employees, contractors and clients at any of our workplace locations. Such individuals may be randomly selected and tested throughout the course of the year. This process applies regardless of the individual’s status or job function. The external provider that carries out the testing or the company itself will select workplace locations where random testing is to be carried out. The external provider will select individuals who are to be tested at the workplace location. Once an individual has been randomly selected, they will contacted and be immediately escorted to the testers’ location for testing. The individuals will be asked to declare if they are taking any medicine(s) which may legitimately affect the outcome of the test. TESTING METHODS AND OUTCOME This process will involve the testing of a specimen of breath and/or urine. Full details of the testing procedure will be explained at the time of the test. However, by way of brief overview: • Testing for alcohol will be carried out using a breathalyser. If the first breath test is positive, then a second breath test will be carried out immediately and the result of the second test will be conclusive. Breath test results are available at the time of testing. • Testing for drugs will be carried out using the Integrated Cup System. This test will be undertaken at the point of collection (a Point of Collection Test). A Point of Collection Test negative result is available immediately. In the event of a non-negative result, the same urine specimen will be forwarded to a laboratory for further analysis using a rigorous “full chain of custody” procedure in accordance with best practice. During this time, the employee will be suspended, and any contractors and clients will be removed from the workplace pending the outcome of the laboratory test, the result of which will be conclusive, although those tested may request that a positive result be verified by an independent laboratory. Laboratory analysis typically takes 3, but up to 5, days. In the event that verification of a positive result is requested, the individual will remain suspended and/or removed from the workplace pending the outcome of the laboratory test. For the purposes of this policy, an unfit state through the consumption of alcohol or drugs is proven or “positive” when test results are above the current drink drive limits (or there are other site specific or client requirements) and/or drugs are detected for which there is no legitimate explanation. 
 In the event of a positive result for alcohol or a non-negative result for drugs, the company or other relevant employer will offer to assist the individual to make arrangements for their departure from site to avoid the need for them to drive. A positive test result for drugs or alcohol will be considered a breach of this policy and employees will be subject to disciplinary action. Due to the potential impact on the safety and health of employees, contractors, clients, visitors and members of the public, and the reputation of the company, breaches of this policy by employees are considered gross misconduct and may lead to dismissal. REFUSAL TO TAKE A TEST Refusal by an employee to provide a sample without legitimate reason (this includes leaving a site/office/workshop before being tested) will constitute a failure to adhere to reasonable instructions and/or a breach of this policy under the disciplinary procedure. Should an employee refuse to provide a sample they will be suspended on full pay pending the outcome of an investigation under the company’s disciplinary procedure. Any refusal by an individual who is not an employee to provide a sample without legitimate reason will result in that individual being removed from the company premises. Their employer will be notified of this decision. TEST RESULTS All test results will be reported to the appropriate Line Manager and disseminated to the individual. The results for individuals who are not employees of the company will also be reported to their employer. Positive results for employees will be reported to an appropriate manager in the region. With consent the company will retain a record of positive test results for up to one year. Such records may be taken into account in determining suitability for re-employment or re-engagement during that time. The company will require evidence of negative drug and alcohol testing for 3 consecutive months prior to returning to site/place of work. Individuals returning to site/their place of work will be subject to additional testing (in addition to the company’s normal testing regime) for up to 6 months following their return. Negative test result reports will be destroyed. SEARCHES The company reserves the right to conduct searches for alcohol, drugs and drugs paraphernalia. This includes searches of lockers, filing cabinets and desks, bags and vehicles at its work locations. It will ensure that the level of search is fair and reasonable, taking into account all of the circumstances giving rise to it. All searches must be authorised in advance by either a Managing Director, Commercial Director or Commercial Manager. If an employee unreasonably refuses to allow such a search, they will be suspended on full pay and the company will undertake a full investigation. This may lead to disciplinary action under the company’s disciplinary procedure, which may result in dismissal for gross misconduct. A contractor or client who is not an employee of the company who unreasonably refuses to allow such a search will be removed from the workplace and, where relevant, this will be reported to their employer. FURTHER GUIDANCE This policy will be held on the company’s intranet site. New employees will be made aware of the policy at induction.    David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2023    

SOURCES OF EXTERNAL SUPPORT Alcohol Dependence Drinkline Helpline: 0800 917 8282 Drinkline runs a free, confidential helpline for people who are concerned about their own drinking, or someone else's.  NHS Choices website http://www.nhs.uk/conditions/Alcohol-misuse/Pages/Introduction.aspx National Health Service advice page.  Drinkaware https://www.drinkaware.co.uk/ Drinkaware works to reduce alcohol misuse and harm in the UK.  Al-Anon http://www.al-anonuk.org.uk Provide support to anyone whose life is, or has been, affected by someone else’s drinking, regardless of whether that person is still drinking or not.  Alcoholics Anonymous Great Britain http://www.alcoholics-anonymous.org.uk AA is an organisation of men and women who share their experience with each other hoping to solve their problems and help others to recover from alcoholism.  Drug dependence  NHS Choices website  http://www.nhs.uk/Livewell/drugs/Pages/Drugtreatment.aspx  National Health Service advice page.  Addaction http://www.addaction.org.uk/default.asp Addaction is the UK's leading drug and alcohol charity, helping over 40,000 people a year to recover from their addiction problems.  Talk to Frank http://www.talktofrank.com/ National drugs awareness site for young people and parents/carers.  Narcotics Anonymous http://ukna.org/ Helpline for the UK: 0300 999 1212. NA is a non-profit fellowship of recovering addicts who meet regularly to help each other stay clean. Membership is open to anyone with a drug problem seeking help, regardless of what drug or combination of drugs have been used, and irrespective of age, sex, religion, race, creed or class. The only requirement for membership is a desire to stop using drugs.    
