ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY STATEMENT  INFRATEC-UK Limited is committed to minimising the impact of its activities on the environment and as such aims to meet or exceed all the environmental legislation that relates to the Company.   This policy forms part of the Integrated Management System and addresses the concerns of interested parties to ensure that we: • Minimise toxic emissions through the selection and use of our fleet  • Actively promote recycling both internally and amongst our subcontractors and supply chain  • Ensure that all chemicals and hazardous substances are stored, handled and transported correctly in order to prevent pollution of land, air and water  • Minimise waste by evaluating operations and ensuring they are as efficient as possible  • Obtain details of the environmental conditions where the Company is to commence work, ensuring that work is halted on discovering areas of environmental sensitivity and the appropriate advice sought  • Maintaining compliance with statutory regulations and requirements  The framework of the Integrated Management System will also identify objectives for continual improvement of the system and the overall performance of the company.   These objectives will ensure that all the Company’s activities are planned and resourced in a consistent way and that all customer and legal requirements are met in the most efficient and effective manner possible.   To ensure that its objectives are achieved, the objectives will be continuously reviewed by the Senior Management Team as part of the IMS Management Review procedure.  The implementation of our IMS is a management responsibility and relies upon the competence, cooperation and commitment of all employees and subcontractors. We will therefore: • Actively involve our employees and subcontractors in developing and sustaining a positive Environmental awareness culture which demonstrates strong leadership and commitment.  • Develop the necessary competencies in our employees and subcontractors, through the provision of information, training, instruction, and supervision as required, to enable them to discharge their responsibilities.  • Establish effective organisational communication, cooperation and control arrangements with documented procedures and guidance where appropriate.  • Seek employee participation and views on Environmental matters using appropriate consultative mechanisms.   We will also confirm the presence of these arrangements to our supply chain partners.   The Managing Director, who has overall responsibility for this policy, will ensure the provision of adequate resources for its implementation and will regularly assess the continuing improvement of the Company’s Environmental performance.   This policy will be brought to the attention of all employees and subcontractors working on behalf of the Company and reviewed at least annually.   David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2023 

