ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY  INFRATEC-UK Ltd are the leading provider of infrastructure technology services and provide a full end-to-end solution from installation, commissioning, maintenance of Highways, Smart Motorways, Tunnel, Urban Driver Information and Airports guidance systems. INFRATEC-UK Ltd believes that it is in the best interests of its employees, sub-contractors, suppliers, service providers, visitors to sites, clients, and the general public that it exercises control over its environmental aspects and impacts. The Company is committed to:  a) Identify and comply with all legislation, standards and codes of practice, which are relevant to our business. b) Continue to improve our environmental performance through effective communication, provision of staff training and adoption of best techniques available. c) Working within the framework of environmental procedures and the setting of policies, objectives and targets, which will be documented, implemented and available to all interested parties. d) Preventing pollution by the identification of environmental risks. e) Advise and encourage clients, designers, sub-contractors and suppliers to ensure that sound environmental performance and criteria are taken into account to improve their environmental performance f) Promote, as far as is practicable, responsible sourcing and the purchasing of materials and services that through their use, sourcing or manufacture have the least harmful effect on the environment. 1. Key Objectives The key objectives of this policy are to set out INFRATEC-UK’s aims and objectives regarding their approach to environmental awareness. 2. Scope This policy covers all aspects of INFRATEC-UK’s business operations and will ensure that steps are taken to minimise the company’s environmental impact.  The environmental policy also sets out the company’s statutory obligations and responsibilities to clients and third party groups regarding its operations.  3. Responsibilities It is the responsibility of the Managing Director and SHEQ Manager to ensure that the Environmental Policy is implemented throughout the company and that any changes required are reviewed to ensure the policy remains current in the light of changing statutory legislation.  4. Policy Statement INFRATEC-UK will take a proactive and responsible approach to all environmental issues. The company is committed to achieving high operational and environmental management standards on behalf of its clients. To achieve the necessary high standards of environmental awareness, the following steps will be taken:  • The company will encourage greater awareness and understanding and effective management of environmental issues by staff training and example.  • The company will work to enhance the quality of the environment by encouraging its employees to use current knowledge and experience to anticipate environmental problems that could arise from their professional activities.  

• The company will promote training and continuing professional development of its employees in the environmental field to improve their knowledge and understanding of environmental matters and increase their awareness of their role in enhancing their environment.  The following steps will be taken with regard to specific environmental issues:  Waste Management and Minimisation  • The company will review the way in which materials are designed, procured and supplied so that the amount of waste generated on construction sites can be minimised, where possible.  • Where practicable, consideration will be given to material re-use, recycling or recovery before disposal options are explored.  Facilities will be made available for waste sorting and recycling within company offices and at site.  Sustainable use of Resources The company will maximise the use of local and sustainable materials, where possible.  • Consideration will be given to the life span of all construction materials, used, new and recycled and the ease with which they could be disposed of or used again once the structure reaches the end of its life.  • The company will work towards improving material resource efficiency, by promoting the economic use of construction materials and methods so that waste is minimised.  • The company will encourage the sustainable use and management of water resources through incorporation of water efficiency measures and the use of sustainable urban drainage systems, where appropriate.  Energy Conservation  • The company will where possible encourage the use of sustainable energy resources and seek opportunities to improve energy efficiency.  Environmental Compliance  • The company will comply with their statutory and environmental obligations and in all instances will act in a professional and diligent manner.  • The company will ensure, where practicable, that business partners and sub- contractors have appropriate environmental policies and take steps to implement them.  The overall objective of the Environmental Policy is to promote a company culture which actively commits resources to the management of environmental issues at a corporate and individual level and demonstrate a high standard of commitment to the environment and environmental issues.  
 David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2023   

