EQUALITY, DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION POLICY STATEMENT   INFRATEC-UK Ltd is committed to being an ambassador of the positive equality duties by promoting a working environment, which provides equality of employment to all existing and potential employees, regardless of age, gender, gender reassignment, pregnancy or maternity, race, disability, sexual orientation, marital status or civil partnership, religion or belief. The Company is committed to respecting Human Rights and believe that diversity adds value to its business. A diverse workforce which reflects the local community in both cultural and different life experiences will enhance the potential for creativity, vitality and innovation within the Company. We are committed to carry out all our business activities with due regard to the need to: • Eliminate discrimination, harassment, victimisation and any other conduct that is prohibited by the Equality Act 2010. • Advance the equality of opportunity between persons who share a relevant protected characteristic and persons who do not share it. • Foster good relations between persons who share relevant protected characteristic and persons who do not share it. INFRATEC-UK Ltd recognises that selection for employment, promotion, training or entitlements to any company benefit will be based on aptitude and ability. All employees have equal access and opportunity to develop their full potential, and the resources of our diverse workforce will be used to maximise the efficiency of our organisation. Encouraging diversity in our workforce impacts on our customers, our potential to develop new markets, products and services and our corporate image. INFRATEC-UK Ltd wants people to work with us and high standards of Equality, Diversity, and Inclusion in our workforce will help us to become an ‘employer of choice’. In understanding our business case we have considered the benefit of equality and diversity and how this benefits the business, our clients and in turn our Supply Chain Partners. INFRATEC-UK Ltd is committed: • To recruit, develop and retain a workforce that can deliver high quality services that are accessible, responsive and appropriate to meet the diverse needs of different groups and individuals. • To ensure we use our influence and resources as an employer to make a difference to the life, opportunities and health of its local community, especially those who are excluded or disadvantaged. • To communicate the aims of Equality, Diversity & Inclusion Policy to existing and potential employees with a clear commitment to equal opportunities and the action it aims to take as an employer. • For the Equality, Diversity & inclusion Policy to provide a focus on the principles and behaviours expected of all managers and employees. Our approach to equality, diversity and inclusion is integral to our business plan ensuring that resource plans address the future needs of the business and address predicted skills shortages and changes in the labour market such as an ageing population and economic, social and environmental demands for changes to work patterns. We are committed to developing a culture of equality diversity and inclusion where all employees are valued, treated with dignity and respect and given opportunity to develop skills and knowledge. 
 David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2023 

