HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELLBEING POLICY STATEMENT  1. STATEMENT OF INTENT INFRATEC-UK are committed to achieving the highest levels of health, safety and wellbeing. We believe that incidents are preventable, and this belief underpins our commitment to people and assets. We will ensure that all workplace risks are identified and mitigated to an acceptable level and our operations will strive towards sustainable Safety and Health improvement. The Company is actively committed to the provision of strong and active leadership; the engagement of the workforce in the promotion and achievement of safe and healthy conditions and the formal assessment and review of INFRATEC-UK’s performance. The Company will provide adequate resources, information and training to ensure that the Management Team can deliver this policy and its objectives, and that standards and objectives set in the Quality Management System are delivered. We will: • Through visible and active leadership, ensure that employees are aware that working safely is a condition of employment. • Identify and mitigate to an acceptable level, workplace safety and health risks. • Ensure employees are trained to undertake the tasks required. • Ensure employees are empowered to delay postpone any activity that is considered unsafe or in contradiction to our philosophy. • Integrate safety and health matters into our business decisions. • Engage with our stakeholders, business partners and supply chain colleagues to ensure that their SHE management standards and practices meet or exceed the expectations of this policy; • Comply with applicable Safety and Health legislation and legal requirements. • Strive for continual improvement in safety and health performance and report our performance on a regular basis. • Provide our employees with information on health care, health promotion rehabilitation and wellbeing. • Undertake regular reviews of this Health and Safety policy to ensure it remains relevant and appropriate to our business activities. • Share this policy with employees, stakeholders, business partners and members of the public. • Comply with Client Specific requirements including (but not limited to) occupational health, working hours and fatigue management. • Enhance performance based upon behavioural programmes, observations, coaching and maturity tools. We expect: • The highest levels of health, safety and wellbeing from all employees and supply chain partners. • Everyone to be responsible for health, safety and wellbeing of themselves and those around them. • Active engagement in our belief that incidents are preventable and our aspiration to create incident and injury free environments. This policy statement will be communicated to all INFRATEC-UK employees and supply chain partners. 
 David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2023  

