HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELLBEING POLICY  1. STATEMENT OF INTENT INFRATEC-UK are committed to achieving the highest levels of health, safety and wellbeing. We believe that incidents are preventable, and this belief underpins our commitment to people and assets. We will ensure that all workplace risks are identified and mitigated to an acceptable level and our operations will strive towards sustainable Safety and Health improvement. The Company is actively committed to the provision of strong and active leadership; the engagement of the workforce in the promotion and achievement of safe and healthy conditions and the formal assessment and review of INFRATEC-UK’s performance. The Company will provide adequate resources, information and training to ensure that the Management Team can deliver this policy and its objectives, and that standards and objectives set in the Quality Management System are delivered. We will: • Through visible and active leadership, ensure that employees are aware that working safely is a condition of employment. • Identify and mitigate to an acceptable level, workplace safety and health risks. • Ensure employees are trained to undertake the tasks required. • Ensure employees are empowered to delay postpone any activity that is considered unsafe or in contradiction to our philosophy. • Integrate safety and health matters into our business decisions. • Engage with our stakeholders, business partners and supply chain colleagues to ensure that their SHE management standards and practices meet or exceed the expectations of this policy; • Comply with applicable Safety and Health legislation and legal requirements. • Strive for continual improvement in safety and health performance and report our performance on a regular basis. • Provide our employees with information on health care, health promotion rehabilitation and wellbeing. • Undertake regular reviews of this Health and Safety policy to ensure it remains relevant and appropriate to our business activities. • Share this policy with employees, stakeholders, business partners and members of the public. • Comply with Client Specific requirements including (but not limited to) occupational health, working hours and fatigue management. • Enhance performance based upon behavioural programmes, observations, coaching and maturity tools. We expect: • The highest levels of health, safety and wellbeing from all employees and supply chain partners. • Everyone to be responsible for health, safety and wellbeing of themselves and those around them. • Active engagement in our belief that incidents are preventable and our aspiration to create incident and injury free environments. This policy statement will be communicated to all INFRATEC-UK employees and supply chain partners. 
 David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2023    

2. RESPONSIBILTIES FOR HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELLBEING The following section details specific roles and responsibilities relating to health, safety and wellbeing within INFRATEC-UK. 2.1. INFRATEC-UK Senior Management Team (SMT) The INFRATEC-UK Management Team have ultimately responsibility for the implementation of this policy. Responsibilities include: • Demonstrate commitment to and take personal responsibility for the contents of this policy. • Actively lead by example and promoting the ‘incidents are preventable’ culture. • Ensure that the business has access to adequate health, safety and wellbeing resources. • Approve annual targets and objectives to drive continual improvement. • Regularly review health, safety and wellbeing performance to ensure targets are being achieved and take action if they are not. • Consider health, safety and wellbeing recommendations and approve such recommendations where appropriate. • Take action if the content of this policy is compromised in any way.  Some INFRATEC-UK Management Team members have additional responsibilities which are listed below. 2.2. Managing Director The Managing Director has overall responsibility for overseeing the establishment and implementation of this policy and how it will be delivered. Responsibilities include: • Review the contents of this policy annually and query, revise, and reissue as appropriate. • Ensure the contents of this policy are effectively communicated to all INFRATEC-UK employees. • Ensure that both individual and collective responsibilities are accepted by INFRATEC-UK employees. • Provide suitable resources to achieve the contents of this policy. 2.3. Operations Director The Operations Director is responsible for the implementation of health, safety and wellbeing across the business.  Responsibilities include: • Review health, safety and wellbeing targets and objectives and ensure they are adequately measured. • Take account of this policy and bring to the attention of all employees. • Ensure that all departmental managers have both collective and individual responsibility for health, safety and wellbeing. • Appoint persons to ensure that this policy statement is effectively applied to all its departments and activities. • Be responsible for or appoint a senior manager with the responsibility for health, safety and wellbeing matters.  This person should not a Health and Safety Advisor. If this person if not the Operations Director, they should report directly to the Operations Director. • Appoint competent health and safety professionals and provide them with adequate resources to enable them to support the implementation of this policy and the wider management system. 2.4. Operations Manager The Managing Director shall appoint a competent Operations Manager with a remit for health, safety and wellbeing. Responsibilities include: • Manage this policy and its contents to drive continuous improvements through INFRATEC-UK • Set INFRATEC-UK health, safety and wellbeing strategy, targets and objectives. • Proactively monitor business health, safety and wellbeing performance to identify and resolve important issues. • Promote health, safety and wellbeing learning throughout INFRATEC-UK. • Advise the INFRATEC-UK SMT as appropriate on health, safety and wellbeing matters. • Collect and collate health, safety and wellbeing performance data. • Ensure this policy is updated annually. • Collaborate with INFRATEC-UK employees to identify risk and opportunity. 2.5. All Employees Responsibilities include: • Take responsibility for their own health, safety and wellbeing as well as the health, safety and wellbeing of those around them. 
• Support the business to achieve the contents of this policy. • Compliance with the wider management system. • Implement specific health, safety and wellbeing responsibilities in their job description or any appointed persons, supervisory or coordinator roles they have accepted. 3. HEALTH, SAFETY AND WELLBEING ARRANGEMENTS 3.1. Support Management System / Intranet This clearly sets out the INFRATEC-UK expectations for site works and provides support to all persons and organisations participating in site works on behalf of INFRATEC-UK. Where INFRATEC-UK are involved with working with other suppliers, health and safety management requirements will be agreed. Health, safety and wellbeing standards and processes used must not be of a lower standard to those set out in the INFRATEC Management System. Competence, development and awareness INFRATEC-UK learning and development strategy places health, safety and wellbeing at the uppermost importance. INFRATEC-UK aims to achieve a minimum baseline of competence per job role to ensure that health, safety and wellbeing can be effectively managed. The company aims to develop all employees to attain the highest levels of health, safety and wellbeing performance. Awareness of the consequences of failing to effectively manage safety, health and wellbeing performance is communicated to employees though the company as required. Competent health, safety and wellbeing professionals INFRATEC-UK will appoint a sufficient number of competent health, safety and wellbeing professionals to support and advise on all aspects of the business’s operations. 3.2. Communication and Consultation Communication Communication and consultation relating to health, safety and wellbeing matters is open and transparent with INFRATEC-UK. Health, safety and wellbeing communications include: • Identification and communication of risks and controls. • Reporting of incidents, near misses and observations • Learning campaigns and initiatives to improve performance. Consultation Each place of work in which INFRATEC-UK operates must have arrangements for effective consultation and involvement of workers in relation to health, safety and wellbeing. Consultation will also occur prior to making key business decisions such as new health, safety and wellbeing policies and procedures. 3.3. Evaluating Performance Health & Safety Reporting INFRATEC-UK projects must collate and submit health and safety information, which contains key performance data. This data is then collated a company level which enables the following: • Measurement, evaluation and analysis of performance data against objectives and targets. • Identification of indicators and trends (where applicable). • Communication of key learning throughout the business to drive improvement. Inspections, surveillances and audits INFRATEC-UK carry out various levels of inspections, surveillances and audits to ensure that: • Health, safety and wellbeing is being effectively managed. • The wider Management System is understood and being complied with. • Opportunities to improve are communicated through the business and actioned. • Objectives and targets are being met. These include project team health and safety surveillances, NEBOSH qualified person surveillances, safety leadership tours and targeted reviews. Audits include internal Management System audits and technical audits that focus on specific areas. 
Incident Management INFRATEC-UK aims to create and maintain an open and transparent culture which encourages and facilitates the communication of incidents, near misses and observations. The company’s approach to incident management is: • All INFRATEC-UK places of work must have suitable arrangements in place to allow for incidents, near misses and observations to be reported. • INFRATEC-UK will support all incident investigations and ensure that they are given the time and resource required. • All incidents must be investigated to identify how to prevent reoccurrence of the actual outcome and potential severity of the incident. • Relevant key findings and lessons learnt will be communicated throughout the business as appropriate. • Improvement actions identified must be closed out with agreed timescales. • Close out actions will be monitored to ensure that improvement has been made to prevent reoccurrence. Management Review The contents of this policy are to be reviewed annually by the Operations Manager, Operations Director and Managing Director to ensure that remains fit for purpose. The Operations Manager is responsible for and regularly reviews the health, safety and wellbeing sections of the Management System and intranet. Health, safety and wellbeing objectives and targets are reviewed at each Management Review meeting. 3.4. Continual Improvement INFRATEC-UK are fully committed to the continual improvement of health, safety and wellbeing. As supported by the ‘incidents are preventable’ culture, INFRATEC-UK’s aspiration is to create incident and injury free environments for all those that work or interact with our business operations. Implementation of the content of this policy will allow us to continually improve our health, safety and wellbeing performance. 
