SUSTAINABILITY  POLICY   OUR SUSTAINABILITY VISION  To be recognised as offering an efficient, innovative, cost-effective solution to our customers needs, as well as being a responsible business in our operations  OUR SUSTAINABILITY OBJECTIVES  INFRATEC-UK is dedicated to providing sustainable solutions by ensuring environmental, social and economic aspects are all considered in the provision of our services to our clients. To meet our Vision, we are committed to the following objectives:  1. Carbon Management: to increase energy efficiency in our business and onsite operations, with the aim of reducing impact and costs.  2. Waste Minimisation and Promoting Recycling: to minimize waste creation associated with our business and onsite operations. We aim to plot a route to recycling 100% of our waste.  3. Water Consumption: to ensure water consumption is minimised on site.  4. Site Energy Consumption: to minimise GHG (Green House Gases) emissions associated with on site operations, specifically the consumption of diesel fuel.  5. Sound Environmental Management: to continue to be proactive in our working practices to reduce our impacts and avoid environmental incidents.  6. Supply Chain Engagement: to work with our supply chain to offer green supply chain solutions to our customers whenever feasible.  7. Sustainable Communities: to minimise and mitigate any negative impacts that arise in the communities in which we work, and to invest in the local charitable causes.  8. Training & Education: communicate and actively promote awareness and acceptance of the INFRATEC-UK Sustainability Strategy amongst our employees.  OUR SUSTAINABILITY TARGETS 1. Carbon Management a. Annual reduction of carbon emissions from INFRATEC-UK administrative activities  2. Waste Minimisation a. Strive for reduction in waste sent to landfill from on site operations b. Strive for reduction in waste sent to landfill from INFRATEC-UK administrative operations  3. Water Consumption a. Reduce site water consumption per year on year  4. Site Energy Consumption a. Reduce site energy consumption year on year  5. Sound Environmental Management a. Maintain a zero environmental incident rate  6. Supply Chain Engagement  a. Include in all supplier pre-qualification questionnaires, requests for information relating to key environmental management issues, including: i. The adoption of an Environmental Management System (e.g. IS0 14001) ii. Details of the supplier’s company carbon footprint and related reduction strategies  7. Community Engagement  a. Attain accreditation to the Considerate Constructors Scheme.  b. To continue to support local education and charities on a project by project basis.  8. Training and Education  a. Hold workshops with employees to raise awareness of sustainability issues and encourage ideas for improving the company’s sustainability.  b. Include a summary of the INFRATEC-UK Sustainability Strategy, key objectives and progress to targets in internal employee communications  9. Green Sites 

Where ever possible we will strive to make our sites as green as possible, not only does this help reduce our emissions but also it reduces our internal waste production and therefore our end costs In order to meet these objectives and targets, INFRATEC-UK will commit to:  • Incorporating the ethos of sustainability into the culture of the organisation.  • Monitoring sustainability performance regularly and actively communicating progress annually.     David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2023  

