TRAINING BOOKING & CANCELLATION POLICY  INFRATEC-UK Ltd accepts firm bookings through its website, by post and email. In making such bookings clients accept this Bookings and Cancellations Policy. PAYMENT • Course fees are payable in full after a provisional booking has been made. A provisional booking is a booking made online or offline including the acceptance of INFRATEC-UK booking policy. An invoice will be raised for every online and offline provisional booking made. An invoice sent to a business can be paid by debit card, credit card or electronic funds transfer. If a provisional booking is made in the name of an individual and not a business, payment is taken over the telephone by debit or credit card after the provisional booking has been made. A business paying by electronic funds transfer should return payment in full after the provisional booking has been made. Places on courses and dates requested can not be confirmed or guaranteed until full payment has been received. • Credit card payments will incur a 2.5% charge. Debit card payments will not incur any additional charges. • The acceptance of a purchase order number is entirely at the discretion of INFRATEC-UK. In the event INFRATEC-UK agree to accept a purchase order number instead of payment in advance of the course, this will confirm your place(s) on the course and therefore standard cancellation terms will apply. In the event INFRATEC-UK will not accept a purchase order, full payment is required to confirm a place on a course. COURSE CANCELLATION • All cancellations must be made in writing prior to the commencement date of a course. Course cancellations made after a course has been paid for or confirmed by purchase order will be subject to a minimum administration fee of 30%. Where courses are cancelled between 27 and 14 days prior to course commencement a 75% fee will apply. In the event of non-attendance or course cancellations received less than 14 days prior to course commencement date: full fees will be charged. • In the event a minimum administration fee of 30% is not charged for a cancellation, a minimum fee of £35.00 + VAT may be charged. • It is the responsibility of the client to confirm the arrival of a written or email cancellation. In the event that INFRATEC-UK do not receive cancellation giving the required notice then full course fees will be charged. DELEGATE TRANSFER CHARGES • Notification is required in all instances and must be in writing. • INFRATEC-UK will charge a minimum of £35.00 + VAT for transferring a delegate from one course to another. • Where notice is received 28 days or more prior to the course commencement date a 10% transfer fee will apply, however where 10% is less than £35.00 + VAT, the minimum £35.00 + VAT will be charged. • Where notification is received between 27 and 14 days prior to course commencement a 50% transfer fee will apply. Where notice is received fewer than 14 days prior to course commencement full fees are payable with no exception. • Only one transfer request will be permitted. Any additional transfer requests will incur full fees. FAILURE TO ADHERE • If clients fail to adhere to our policy, then the client will be liable to make full payment of fees due, INFRATEC-UK reserves the right to cancel or change course dates or venues at any time without liability. In these circumstances we will offer at our discretion alternative options, a credit note or a refund of fees paid. INFRATEC-UK reserves the right to refuse any booking. 

• INFRATEC-UK will not be held responsible for any financial loss incurred by a client relating to travel and hotel reservations or any other associated costs. Hotels and other accommodation is booked by the client at the client’s own risk. If a training course is cancelled at short notice or a course venue is changed resulting in costs being incurred by the client INFRATEC-UK will not be held liable. CERTIFICATES • Course certificates are posted by 2nd class Royal Mail. Replacements must be obtained from the awarding body at a maximum cost of £35 per certificate. The person who registered the course will be notified by email when the certificate(s) has been sent. If you do not receive your certificate(s) within four weeks from the date of the email, please advise us immediately. After this time INFRATEC-UK cannot be held responsible for providing replacement certificates free of charge. Any change of delivery address for certificates, need to be made in writing and notification needs to be received prior to the end date of the course. DATA PROTECTION & USE OF PERSONAL DATA • INFRATEC-UK protects your privacy and security. INFRATEC-UK do not sell your contact details to third party organisations. INFRATEC-UK may from time to time contact you via email or newsletter regarding special offers and health and safety products and services. By registering with INFRATEC-UK you are agreeing to receive such communications. You can opt out of this service at any time.   
