REASONABLE ADJUSTMENT & SPECIAL CONSIDERATION POLICY  This policy is primarily aimed at INFRATEC-UK customers and learners who are registered on or have taken an approved qualification with us. It is also for use by our staff to ensure they deal with all reasonable adjustment and special consideration requests in a consistent manner. This policy outlines: • Our arrangements for making reasonable adjustments and special considerations in relation to our qualifications. • How learners qualify for reasonable adjustments and special considerations. • The reasonable adjustments we will permit and those where permission is required in advance before they are applied. • What special considerations will be given to learners. CENTRE RESPONSIBILITY It is important that INFRATEC-UK staff involved in the management, assessment and quality assurance of our qualifications and our learners are fully aware of the contents of the policy. On their centre visits, our External Quality Assurers may check that our relevant colleagues and learners are aware of its contents and purpose. REVIEW ARRANGEMENTS  INFRATEC-UK will review the policy annually as part of our self-evaluation arrangements and revise it as and when necessary in response to customer and learner feedback, changes in our practices, actions from the regulatory authorities or external agencies or changes in legislation. ARRANGEMENTS NOT COVERED BY THIS POLICY Circumstances for both internal and external assessments which are not covered in this policy should be discussed with INFRATEC-UK before assessment takes place.  APPEALS If a learner wishes to appeal against an INFRATEC-UK decision to decline requests for reasonable adjustments or special consideration arrangements, please refer to our Complaints and Appeals Policy. OVERVIEW INFRATEC-UK is committed to complying with all current and relevant legislation in relation to the development and delivery of our qualifications and, which at the time of writing includes, but is not limited to the Equality Act 2010. INFRATEC-UK seek to uphold human rights relating to race relations, disability discrimination and special educational needs of our learners and to provide equal reasonable adjustments and special considerations for all learners registered on our qualifications. As a recognised centre, INFRATEC-UK expect learners to have a fair access to assessment policy in operation, which reflects the following principles and guidelines. Assessment should be a fair test of learners’ knowledge and what they are able to do, however, for some learners the usual format of assessment may not be suitable. INFRATEC-UK ensure that our qualifications and assessments do not bar learners from taking our qualifications. INFRATEC-UK recognise that reasonable adjustments or special considerations may be required at the time of assessment where: 

• Learners have a permanent disability or specific learning needs. • Learners have a temporary disability, medical condition or learning needs. • Learners are indisposed at the time of the assessment. The provision for reasonable adjustments and special consideration arrangements is made to ensure that learners receive recognition of their achievement so long as the equity, validity and reliability of the assessments can be assured.  Such arrangements are not concessions to make assessment easier for learners, nor advantageous to give learners a head start. There are two ways in which access to fair assessment can be maintained: 1. Through reasonable adjustments, and; 2. Through special considerations. PROCESS FOR REQUESTING REASONABLE ADJUSTMENTS AND/OR SPECIAL CONSIDERATIONS If INFRATEC-UK is making a request on behalf of its learners it should complete a Reasonable Adjustments or a Special Consideration request form and in doing so, supply relevant supporting information.  For example: • The Learner’s name and registration number • The nature of, and rationale for, the request • Supporting information/evidence (e.g. medical evidence or a statement from the invigilator or any other appropriate information) Requests for reasonable adjustments should be submitted no later than 30 working days before the assessment. 
 David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2018  

