WORKPLACE BULLYING POLICY   OBJECTIVE The purpose of this policy is to communicate to all employees, including supervisors, managers and executives, that [Company Name] will not in any instance tolerate bullying behavior. Employees found in violation of this policy will be disciplined, up to and including termination. DEFINITION INFRATEC-UK defines bullying as repeated, health-harming mistreatment of one or more people by one or more perpetrators. It is abusive conduct that includes: • Threatening, humiliating or intimidating behaviors. • Work interference/sabotage that prevents work from getting done. • Verbal abuse.  Such behavior violates INFRATEC-UK’s Code of Ethics, which clearly states that all employees will be treated with dignity and respect.  EXAMPLES INFRATEC-UK considers the following types of behavior examples of bullying: • Verbal bullying. Slandering, ridiculing or maligning a person or his or her family; persistent name-calling that is hurtful, insulting or humiliating; using a person as the butt of jokes; abusive and offensive remarks. • Physical bullying. Pushing, shoving, kicking, poking, tripping, assault or threat of physical assault, damage to a person’s work area or property. • Gesture bullying. Nonverbal gestures that can convey threatening messages. • Exclusion. Socially or physically excluding or disregarding a person in work-related activities.  In addition, the following examples may constitute or contribute to evidence of bullying in the workplace: • Persistent singling out of one person. • Shouting or raising one’s voice at an individual in public or in private. • Using obscene or intimidating gestures. • Not allowing the person to speak or express himself of herself (i.e., ignoring or interrupting). • Personal insults and use of offensive nicknames. • Public humiliation in any form. • Constant criticism on matters unrelated or minimally related to the person’s job performance or description. • Public reprimands. • Repeatedly accusing someone of errors that cannot be documented. • Deliberately interfering with mail and other communications. • Spreading rumors and gossip regarding individuals. • Encouraging others to disregard a supervisor’s instructions. • Manipulating the ability of someone to do his or her work (e.g., overloading, underloading, withholding information, setting deadlines that cannot be met, giving deliberately ambiguous instructions). • Assigning menial tasks not in keeping with the normal responsibilities of the job. 

• Taking credit for another person’s ideas. • Refusing reasonable requests for leave in the absence of work-related reasons not to grant leave. • Deliberately excluding an individual or isolating him or her from work-related activities, such as meetings. • Unwanted physical contact, physical abuse or threats of abuse to an individual or an individual’s property (defacing or marking up property). Individuals who feel they have experienced bullying should report this to their supervisor or to Human Resources before the conduct becomes severe or pervasive. All employees are strongly encouraged to report any bullying conduct they experience or witness as soon as possible to allow INFRATEC-UK to take appropriate action.   
 David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2023   

