SUSTAINABLE  PROCUREMENT POLICY  1. INTRODUCTION The environment and sustainability are key issues within our business. This strategy seeks to balance commercial considerations and quality whilst ensuring that environmental impact is considered. INFRATEC-UK spends a significant sum each year on a wide range of materials. The vast majority of these materials are incorporated into the works that we construct. Environmental and sustainability issues can be incorporated into the whole procurement process: defining the need, evaluating options, design and specifying, supplier selection, and post-contract management. For this reason, the procurement function is ideally situated to facilitate the development of procurement options that address environmental issues. The objective is to deliver workable and commercially acceptable environmental solutions specific to each contract and our input and level of resources will directly relate to the potential environmental benefit. This strategy is intended to facilitate incremental improvements, leading to significant benefits in the long-term. Wherever possible within the constraints of the individual contracts, we will: • Assess the environmental impacts of our procurement • Seek continual improvement of our environmental performance and publicise the results annually • Work with our suppliers and clients to ensure that, wherever practical, we procure materials to make a more sustainable environment for future generations Addressing environmental and sustainability issues through the procurement process has the potential to deliver on these commitments in a cost-effective manner. This also provides opportunities to use our influence to ensure that our suppliers and clients also assist us in meeting these commitments. This strategy demonstrates that we intend to proactively carry out our procurement function whilst equally recognising our responsibilities to the environment. INFRATEC-UK is absolutely committed to preventing slavery and human trafficking in its corporate activities. Our statement of compliance with the Modern Slavery Act 2015 sets out actions to understand the potential modern slavery risks related to our business and to put in place steps that are aimed at ensuring that there is no slavery or human trafficking in our own business and our supply chains.  This strategy is endorsed and supported by the Senior Management Team of the company. 2. AIMS OF THE POLICY The strategy is designed to support our Environmental Management System and in doing so: • Reduce the consumption of raw materials throughout our business • Increase the amount of recycled materials that we use • Increase the percentage of materials that we procure from sustainable sources • Influence our suppliers in adopting positive approaches to the environment • Deliver the most appropriate environmental solutions arising from our procurement function • Develop and promote environmental procurement across the company • Compliments existing environmental policies and initiatives within the company 3. OBJECTIVES OF THE POLICY 3.1. Training and Awareness. To raise awareness and skills of appropriate staff across the business in how to assess and select most beneficial environmental procurement options. 3.2. Procurement Process. To ensure most effective environmental assessments are integrated into everyday procurement functions and to provide all procurement staff with the relevant supporting tools and techniques that can be used without the need for any environmental expertise. 3.3. Communication. Promote awareness of this strategy within the business and to any appropriate external body. Promote achievements and developments relating to environmental procurement within the business.  3.4. Research and Collaboration. Continuous research on environmental products, services, initiatives and forthcoming legislation etc. to ensure the procurement process takes account of latest developments. Identify best practice and aim to introduce collaborative approaches with our clients. 3.5. Measurement, Reporting and Review. Based upon the information obtained from our own procurement activities and from our “Top” Suppliers, we will provide annual reports to the Senior Management Team. 3.6. Business Ethics INFRATEC-UK will: 

• Behave legally, honourably and ethically at all times • Remain opposed to bribery and the receipt of goods within the context of all aspects of its business • Trade and compete fairly, within a framework of applicable competition law • Source a series of company-wide term deal orders to attempt sourcing of goods where possible and practical from local sources • Attempt to ensure free and open trade within the guidelines of the specification and its ethical conduct. The client generally specifies goods and services, however where value engineering can be undertaken it is encouraged • Procure fairly traded goods in line with the requirements of its clients and its own procurement guidelines however, we do not typically procure from outside UK 3.7. Social Value INFRATEC-UK has an obligation to measure and manage its contribution that we make to society and the communities we work in. This is measured according to the principles laid out within the Public Services (Social Value) Act 2012.   
 David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2022    

