TRAINING & DEVELOPMENT POLICY STATEMENT  1. STATEMENT OF INTENT INFRATEC-UK recognises that its most important resource is its employees and is committed to the training and development of its workforce so that they gain the necessary skills to succeed. The company’s learning and development strategy places health, safety and wellbeing at the uppermost importance and aims to achieve a minimum baseline of competence per job role to attain the highest levels of health, safety and wellbeing performance. The aim of increasing the skills and knowledge of its employees is to produce confident, qualified staff working as an effective and efficient team.  Essential training and development needs shall be identified: • Through the creation of a baseline competency level for each job role. • Through the annual business plan • Through training needs analysis to identify gaps in knowledge and skills at the individual and baseline of competence level. • When considering requests from employees. The training and development needs identified will be met through a variety of activities depending on the nature and extent of the requirements deemed necessary. All compulsory training provided will be at no cost to the employee. Some courses and professional qualifications may be fully or partly funded by the company depending on the nature of the training. The proportion of funding shall be decided by the Commercial Manager.  This policy respects equal opportunities and applies to all employees.  This policy statement will be communicated to all INFRATEC-UK employees and supply chain partners. 
 David Bullock Managing Director – INFRATEC-UK Ltd 1st January 2023   

2. RESPONSIBILTIES FOR TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT The following section details specific roles and responsibilities relating to training and development within INFRATEC-UK. 2.1. INFRATEC-UK Senior Management Team (SMT) The INFRATEC-UK Senior Management Team have ultimately responsibility for the implementation of this policy. Responsibilities include: • Demonstrate commitment to and take personal responsibility for the contents of this policy. • Ensure that the business has access to adequate training and development resources. • Approve strategic priorities for staff development to drive continual improvement. • Regularly review training and development to ensure training objectives are being achieved and take action if they are not. • Consider training and development recommendations and approve such recommendations where appropriate. • Take action if the content of this policy is compromised in any way.  Some INFRATEC-UK Management Team members have additional responsibilities which are listed below. 2.2. Managing Director The Managing Director has overall responsibility for overseeing the establishment and implementation of this policy and how it will be delivered. Responsibilities include: • Review the contents of this policy annually and query, revise, and reissue as appropriate. • Ensure the contents of this policy are effectively communicated to all INFRATEC-UK employees. • Provide suitable resources to achieve the contents of this policy. 2.3. Operations Director The Operations Director is responsible for the implementation of training and development across the business.  Responsibilities include: • Working with Departmental Managers, determine the training needs and requirements for all employees.  • Ensuring that relevant information, training, instruction and supervision is given to all employees to enable them to fully perform their role.  • Monitoring activities associated with the identified training requirements. • Ensuring that training records are retained and maintained.  2.4. Departmental Managers Departmental Managers are responsible for the implementation of training and development across their area of business.  Responsibilities include: • Ensuring that the Training Plan is produced, costed and within budget.  • Ensuring that any identified strategic priorities for staff development and training are carried out. Criteria for determining strategic priority are:  o Fulfilling legal requirements, Enhancing operational efficiency and service delivery.  o Ensuring suitable succession options, Leadership and management development.  o Best practice in the management of people.  • Ensure that all training is arranged with appropriate training providers. • Ensure that training records are retained and maintained. 2.5. Employees Employees have responsibility for their own development and as such may inform INFRATEC-UK of their development needs. Employees are required to take part in development activities as required.  
3. ARRANGEMENTS 3.1. General  3.1.1. All employees will attend a Company Induction when starting employment with INFRATEC-UK. Copy of Information provided to them will be available on the company SharePoint.  3.1.2. All training plans will address Environmental and Health, Safety and Wellbeing training requirements for all employees.  3.1.3. All training plans will be created to ensure that the baseline competence for the employees’ role is gained and maintained. 3.1.4. External Training will be arranged by the Departmental Managers who will also maintain training records of external training.  3.1.5. Where internal "on the job" training has been carried out, records shall be kept.  3.1.6. Departmental Managers shall ensure that only competent persons are used where training is job or task specific.  3.1.7. Untrained individuals will work under supervision at all times. 3.1.8. Training will only be treated as completed once the manager/trainer is satisfied that the individual is competent to perform the trained tasks.  3.1.9. As part of INFRATEC-UK’s continuing commitment to training and development, employees are asked to provide feedback on the value and effectiveness of the training and development they undertake. This information will be used to assess and improve the training process.  3.2. Health, Safety and Wellbeing 3.2.1. Records of inductions and toolbox talks shall be maintained by Departmental Managers and a cpy filed on the company SharePoint. 3.2.2. Records shall be kept with the recipient’s signature appended, indicating that they have received the induction/toolbox talk and understood its content.  3.2.3. Departmental Management shall issue special instructions and safe operating procedures, as required, to address any additional or changing risks.      
