  ANTI-CORRUPTION   POLICY STATEMENT  Introduction INFRATEC-UK believes that conducting its business honestly and to high ethical standards, thereby maintaining confidence in the integrity and corporate legitimacy of its operations, is essential for its long-term success and growth. INFRATEC-UK also believes that it is essential to conduct its operations in full compliance with the law and to ensure that its business dealings with Employees, business partners, suppliers and customers are conducted professionally, fairly and with integrity in a corruption-free environment.  INFRATEC-UK does NOT permit or condone any acts of corruption and bribery, in any of its dealings or in the dealings of its Employees, joint venture partners, suppliers or agents acting on its behalf.  The purpose of this policy is to:  1) Set out INFRATEC-UK’S responsibilities (including the responsibilities of its Employees, suppliers, joint venture partners and agents) in observing and upholding its position on bribery and corruption;  2) Set out the measures to be taken to:  a) Prevent corruption and bribery by having adequate anti-corruption procedures;  b) To monitor and identify any instances of corruption and bribery or attempted corruption and bribery;  c) To respond appropriately if corruption and bribery is uncovered; and  3) Provide information and guidance to those working for and with INFRATEC on how to recognise and deal with bribery and corruption. This policy is to be read in conjunction with the INFRATEC Code and the other policies listed below.  INFRATEC-UK operates a ZERO-Tolerance approach to any breach of this policy.   Prohibited Acts A bribe is an inducement or reward offered, promised or provided in order to gain any commercial, contractual, regulatory or personal advantage and includes (inter alia):  • Offering a bribe (even if the offer is rejected);  • Receiving a bribe (including offering to receive a bribe)  • Bribing a public official.  Bribery is illegal in the UK and acts of bribery are prohibited irrespective if they take place in the UK or elsewhere in the world.  Corruption is the misuse of a position of power for personal gain. Coverage This policy applies to all Employees - individuals working at all levels and grades, including (but not limited to) senior managers, officers, directors, employees (whether permanent, fixed-term or temporary), consultants, contractors, trainees, seconded staff, casual workers and agency staff, volunteers, interns, agents, sponsors or any other person associated with INFRATEC-UK (collectively referred to as “Employees” in this policy).  This policy shall also be complied with by INFRATEC’s joint venture partners, advisers and agents and any suppliers used by INFRATEC.  
Your Responsibilities  People managers are responsible for implementing this policy.  The prevention, detection and reporting of bribery and other forms of corruption are the responsibility of all those working for INFRATEC. All Employees, suppliers, joint venture partners, advisers and agents are required to comply fully with this policy.  Any Employee who breaches this policy will face disciplinary action that could result in dismissal for gross misconduct. Any suppliers, agents, advisers and joint venture partners who breach this policy may (inter alia) have their contracts terminated.  INFRATEC reserves the right to report any allegations of bribery and corruption to the relevant police authority for investigation and, if appropriate, prosecution. Reporting INFRATEC encourages the early reporting of concerns or suspicions of behaviour that may be in breach of this policy. Concerns should be raised with a people manager (if appropriate) or by following the procedure set out in the Whistleblowing Policy.  SILENCE IS CONSENT.  Communication and Training The policy will be communicated at regular intervals, using a range of appropriate media and providing opportunities for questions and concerns to be fully addressed. The policy will also be communicated to other stakeholders, including customers, suppliers and business partners, as opportunity or the need arise.  Implementation The Managing Director is responsible for the implementation of this policy and other related policies and procedure, including the communication and detailed interpretation, monitoring and any disciplinary action in response to an apparent breach of this policy. The Company Secretary is responsible for maintaining and reviewing this policy, and for clarifying and resolving general issues. The Company Secretary will oversee any audit of policy compliance on behalf of the Managing Director, which may be considered necessary.  The Managing Director shall update the Senior Management Team (SMT) on at least an annual basis on compliance with this policy.  Line management is responsible for implementation of this policy.  This policy should be read in conjunction with a number of other INFRATEC-UK policies on related matters, including but not limited to: • Anti-Fraud Policy • Gifts and Hospitality Policy • Recruitment and Selection Policy • Disciplinary Policy • Whistleblowing Policy       David Bullock Managing Director For and on behalf of the Senior Management Team    

Revision Status  Revision Date Amendment Author Approval 1.0 01/01/2020 New Policy Lee Payne David Bullock 1.1 01/01/2024 Updated to reflect new IMS Branding Lee Payne David Bullock 1.2 03/01/2025 SMT reviewed – no changes Lee Payne David Bullock                                            
