SUSTAINABILITY  POLICY  Purpose At INFRATEC-UK we support our customers to enrich the social and physical environment through the provision of innovative and efficient infrastructure that underpins daily lives, supports communities, and enables economic growth.  Strategy, Ambitions & Targets Sustainability is integral to how we operate and forms a key component of our operational strategy. We have identified three focus areas that are most material to our business: Environment, Materials and Communities. • Carbon Management: to increase energy efficiency in our business and onsite operations, with the aim of reducing impact and costs.  • Waste Minimisation and Promoting Recycling: to minimize waste creation associated with our business and onsite operations. We aim to plot a route to recycling 100% of our waste.  • Water Consumption: to ensure water consumption is minimised on site.  • Site Energy Consumption: to minimise GHG (Green House Gases) emissions associated with on-site operations, specifically the consumption of diesel fuel.  • Sound Environmental Management: to continue to be proactive in our working practices to reduce our impacts and avoid environmental incidents.  • Supply Chain Engagement: to work with our supply chain to offer green supply chain solutions to our customers whenever feasible.  • Sustainable Communities: to minimise and mitigate any negative impacts that arise in the communities in which we work, and to invest in the local charitable causes.  • Training & Education: communicate and actively promote awareness and acceptance of the INFRATEC-UK Sustainability Strategy amongst our employees.  To meet these objectives, we are committed to the following targets: Environment • Annual reduction of carbon emissions from INFRATEC-UK administrative activities • Maintain a zero-sound environmental incident rate. • Working with our supply chain and include in all supplier pre-qualification questionnaires, a request for information relating to key environmental management.  Materials • Reduction in waste sent to landfill from on-site operations. • Reduction in waste sent to landfill from INFRATEC-UK administrative operations.  • Reduce site water consumption per year on year.  • Reduce site energy consumption year on year.   Community • Attain accreditation to the Considerate Constructors Scheme by 2030.  • Continue to support local education and charities on a project-by-project basis. • Hold workshops with employees to raise awareness of sustainability issues and encourage ideas for improving the company’s sustainability.   Progress towards these targets will be reviewed annually.    
Communication of this Policy  This policy is communicated to all INFRATEC employees, it is posted on the Company Notice Board, available to all employees on the company’s SharePoint Servers. This Policy will be made available to subcontractors working on behalf of the Company and interested parties, as appropriate. This policy will be reviewed at least annually.       David Bullock Managing Director For and on behalf of the Senior Management Team      

Revision Status  Revision Date Amendment Author Approval 1.0 01/01/2020 New Policy Lee Payne David Bullock 1.1 01/01/2024 Updated to reflect new IMS Branding Lee Payne David Bullock 1.2 03/01/2025 SMT review – No changes Lee Payne David Bullock                                          
