ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM  POLICY STATEMENT  Introduction INFRATEC recognise the importance of environmental protection and are fully committed to operating our business responsibly and in fulfilment of its compliance obligations related to the purpose and context of the company its activities, products and services. INFRATEC are fully committed to the prevention of pollution and minimising environmental impacts from its activities and as such aims to meet or exceed all the environmental legislation that relates to the Company.  Policy This policy forms part of the Integrated Management System and addresses the concerns of interested parties to ensure that we: • Assess and regularly re-assess the environmental effects of the Company’s activities. • Minimise toxic emissions through the selection and use of our fleet • Actively promote recycling both internally and amongst our subcontractors and supply chain • Ensure that all chemicals and hazardous substances are stored, handled and transported correctly in order to prevent pollution of land, air and water • Minimise waste by evaluating operations and ensuring they are as efficient as possible • Obtain details of the environmental conditions where the Company is to commence work, ensuring that work is halted on discovering areas of environmental sensitivity and the appropriate advice sought • Maintain compliance with statutory regulations and requirements  The framework of the Integrated Management System will identify objectives for continual improvement of the system to enhance the overall environmental performance of the company. These objectives will ensure that all the Company’s activities are planned and resourced in a consistent way to ensure customer and legal requirements are met in the most efficient and effective manner possible.  To ensure that objectives are achieved, they will be continuously reviewed by the Senior Management Team as part of the IMS Management Review procedure.  The implementation of our IMS is a management responsibility and relies upon the competence, cooperation and commitment of all employees and subcontractors. We will therefore: • Actively involve employees and subcontractors in developing and sustaining a positive environmental awareness culture which demonstrates strong leadership and commitment. • Develop the necessary competencies in our employees and subcontractors, through the provision of information, training, instruction, and supervision as required, to enable them to discharge their responsibilities. • Establish effective organisational communication, cooperation and control arrangements with documented procedures and guidance where appropriate. • Seek employee participation and views on Environmental matters using appropriate consultative mechanisms.  We will also confirm the presence of these arrangements to our supply chain partners.  The Managing Director, who has overall responsibility for this policy, will ensure the provision of adequate resources for its implementation and will regularly assess the continuing improvement of the Company’s Environmental performance.   
Communication of this Policy This policy statement is communicated to all INFRATEC employees, it is posted on the Company Notice Board, available to all employees on the company’s SharePoint Servers. This Policy will be made available to subcontractors working on behalf of the Company and interested parties, as appropriate. This policy will be reviewed at least annually.       David Bullock Managing Director For and on behalf of the Senior Management Team    

Revision Status  Revision Date Amendment Author Approval 1.0 21/07/2023 New Policy Lee Payne David Bullock 1.1 01/12/2024 Updated to reflect new IMS Branding Lee Payne David Bullock 1.2 03/01/2025 SMT review – No changes Lee Payne David Bullock                                                                       
